add newly templated properties (#2251)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/learn/extension-points-for-oauth.md

</tbody>
</table>

### Adding a custom GrantTypeValidatorImplClass

<table>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Usage</td>

> <td><p>This can be used to add custom <code>GrantTypeValidatorImplClasses</code> to the <code>refresh_token</code> grant type<br /></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td><p>This can be used to add a custom <code>GrantTypeValidatorImplClass</code> to the <code>refresh_token</code> grant type<br /></td>
```
